Modernise setup by moving from setup.py to pyproject.toml (#438)
ecmwf/cfgrib: CHANGELOG.rst

unreleased
----------

> - Deprecating setuptools in favor of hatchling and pyproject.toml.

Reviewer: Nothing you do here will deprecate setuptools, which is still a valid build backend (unlike distutils, which was deprecated some years ago and has since been removed from Python).  Among other things, setuptools is one of three backends that supports compiled extension modules.  Hatchling, so far, only seems to support Cython extension modules.

I would then suggest:
```suggestion
- Move away from discouraged `setup.py` in favor of `pyproject.toml`, 
  and also replace setuptools with hatchling as the build backend
```
and then this PR does more things, which might need to be documented in the changelog:
- overhaul CI test setup to drop Appveyor in favor of GitHub Actions
- set default encoding for time variables
- drop support and testing for Python<3.10
- drop tox configuration

  See `#438 <https://github.com/ecmwf/cfgrib/pull/438>`_.

- Setup and apply linters via pre-commit.
  See `#439 <https://github.com/ecmwf/cfgrib/pull/439>`_.

0.9.15.1 (2025-09-30)
---------------------

- Fixed  xarray.backends imports for compatibilty with recent versions of xarray.
  See `#409 <https://github.com/ecmwf/cfgrib/pull/409>`_.

- Set default dtype for step to `timedelta64[ns]` for compatibilty with
  future versions of xarray.
  See `#427 <https://github.com/ecmwf/cfgrib/pull/427>`_.

- Fixed  xarray.backends imports for compatibilty with recent versions of xarray.
  See `#409 <https://github.com/ecmwf/cfgrib/pull/409>`_.

> 

Reviewer: Is there a reason you changed the order?
